hey guys what's up it's Alamos owners
insane game in 2010 and today I have
another Gemini jet scale one to two
hundred model and this time it is of the
AirTrain 737 there are 700 with winged
ones so I've sort of pointed out stuff
on the Box already but here is the
Gemini 200 logo and unfortunately it is
not in the new box gold because on the
new releases this is gold and all the
writing is and stuff so um you can tell
this is a older release then you've got
the AirTrain logo and then you've got a
picture in 2d of the plane and then
you've got Boeing 737-700
one to two hundred scale that's a step
on model and that's basically it
Gemini to 2009 which means it was a 2009
release so opening it up you've got the
snap thing and you've got the protective
seal case take that off and then here is
the model here you've got the
replaceable landing gears if you want
them and here's the model and I know
that it's only only seven five sevens
and the seven three sevens so that's a
pretty rare thing to have just place it
down there close this and voila here is
a model so first off you've looking at
the model and hold that's what it looks
like mm-hmm
and it looks pretty nice so I'm gonna go
from over here so sorry about the light
reflecting um but you've got the landing
gear down there very detailed all the
landing gears a little off from the
front I'll talk about that later
you've got the cockpit windows and then
you've got the door and then going back
you've got AirTrain you've got a couple
windows you've got AirTrain column which
is pretty nice I mean going back and
Hogan on their models it's like this
line right here it goes above the wing
which makes it seem a little smaller and
it actually is it makes the model seem
smaller and then so
the hair is the actual wing you've got a
on that side and then on this side
you've got I can't see it
sorry air shine calm so though that's
pretty cool how they have that um going
back somewhere you've got your emergency
exit and then you've got Boeing 737-700
you've got all the things that should be
there all the stuff you got the Air Tran
tail and then you've got the
registration and one seven five eighty
November 1 7 5 alpha tango so that's the
registration of the aircraft you've got
all the details that you would want and
now just some more views of the actual
plane like that see now this is the one
problem with the front landing gear said
I didn't buy this for cheap so like
really cheap actually so it's not like
all the licensed Gemini like
distributors who really take care the
model is a little messed up you can tell
some of the details are a little off um
I mean like they've been a little harmed
um but I mean I got this plane for I
think $40.00 total which is a really
good price for a Gemini 200 I didn't
want to buy a home wings model of this
but I didn't want to go out and spend 70
bucks on playing that the airliner is
going to be merged with Southwest in a
couple of months I mean fully merged
without so I mean I didn't really want
to spend a whole lot of money on this so
that's the story behind that
um so another view I think you've
already showed you this from up there
down here and then from the side it is
really nice it's about 6 and 1/2 no
longer than that it's probably about 8 8
inches long
that's a really nice feel of that back
of the plane and all the details that
you'd expect from a Gemini are there
it's really nice I would not consider
buying it though and this is why Air
Tran unless you are a die-hard Air Tran
fan is going to be merged with Southwest
in a couple of months
and unless you really want to buy this
model and spend $65 on a plane that's
not even gonna be at your report in this
AirTrain livery then I wouldn't buy
because like I said it's being merged
and a couple of months and this airline
is no longer going to be around so if
you have $70 around and you'd rather
spend it on an air on a Gemini 200 I
would not spend it on this I would
consider maybe buying home of this if
you're not a very serious collector but
yet again I want to make the channel the
best as I can so that's basically it for
the model it is very nice so once again
I probably would not consider buying it
and this is one of the few models that I
wouldn't consider buying and that's
controversial it just uh changes per
person in their view of the airline I
guess you could say but that's it for
now thanks for watching this model
review of another Gemini Jets and now I
have six and hopefully I should have a
lot more coming in the future so if you
just stick around subscribe watch my
videos comment on them saying what I
need to improve on anything that I
should include in the models it really
helps I really do like these models and
I really do like the feedback from
people so once again thanks for watching
guys peace